Alsoran is a Rust implementation of the Centralized Unit (CU) of the 5G RAN.

The CU is responsible for the control function of the gNodeB and runs the Radio Resource Control (RRC) 
and Packet Data Convergence Protocol (PDCP).  

The CU is a subcomponent of a gNodeB.  It connects to 
- the 5G Core (5GC) using the NG interface
- the Distributed Unit (DU) using the F1 interface
- other gNodeB using the Xn C interface.

The CU control and user plane are interconnected by the E1 interface.

The key 3GPP specifications are
-  TS38.401 - NG-RAN; Architecture description 
-  TS38.473 - NG-RAN; F1 Application Protocol (F1AP)
-  TS38.331 - Radio Resource Control (RRC) protocol specification

-  TS 38.413 - NGAP


Functional Decomposition
------------------------
-  SCTP in separate tier.  
   -  All SCTP connections are handled by specialist microservices that convert to HTTP.
   -  Benefit is that the worker nodes can handle requests interchangeably.

-  Single layer of UE associated workers and controller.
   -  Scales out to large number of signaling traffic.
   -  Fast - minimal number of hops.





Connection management
---------------------
Create an SCTP association to AMF.  Then do NG Setup.  This initialize the NG-C interface instance.



When the NG-RAN nodes wants to add endpoints, the RAN configuration update procedure shall be the first NGAP 
procedure triggered on an additional TNLA of an already setup NG-C interface instance after the TNL association 
has become operational, and the AMF shall associate the TNLA to the NG-C interface instance using the included 
Global RAN node ID.


 and manage N connection to AMF.  
Maintain mapping of UEs to connections.  If a node fails, backup takes over by reconnecting with same node ID.


Can we make this active active?
  Towards AMF, no (while remaining interoperable).  Because the same connection has to be used for the same UE.
  Between DU and CU, no, for the same reason.

At least not without a separate tier.

So we can make it restart with same state.  Or have a hot standby.  Concurrent access can only happen in split brain?